[MUSIC]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[TRAIN ENGINE HISSING]
yeah. Noah it's Paul
I'm in London
i've just got off the train.
Yeah. Good
I hope my apartment and my
chauffeur are waiting for me!
cool. Brilliant
well let me get settled. give me a day
and we will catch up on the next big plans
bye. bye
[MUSIC]
[SIGHS] Ahh man
So what are you giving for the stuff
your end?
Fifty
Fifty bucks? wow that's pretty good.
that's pretty good. is it good stuff though?
Yeah it's the strongest I've had
It's not like pub grub. none of that
No. No it' straight off the bone it's good
Happy days. we are going to have to get a bit in
is your guy around all night?
Yeah. he is about until early hours
what do you reckon? we'll get right on it
oh yeah you know that
Rick [LAUGHS]
the phones ringing now. I will just take this
I'll give you a call and we will catch up
I've just got to take this call
thief - Yeah no worries
Rick- See you in a bit
Hello
yeah Rick it's Paul
hi how are you brother?
I've not seen you in a while
you know why I called you
let me guess then! you've got another
profitable job for me
for us!!
I've known you too long now
to actually like. you know
I don't even need to say anything
it's like your a mind reader
next job. heist
I'm always up for some new adventures
with you
I'm in London right now. I got my guy
Noah in Copenhagen
he's got a really. really good job for us
so it's going to be bigger than the
New York one I take it
this is better than the New York one we pulled off
this just seems to be getting better and better
I love the sound of this
Hmm. Hmm
yeah I know
you need to get over from Florida in to London
you need to come meet me
so this ones in London. I'm intrigued
do tell me more
right You need to do me a favor
ring Danny
let him know the heist teams
getting back together again
Danny. Danny has actually changed his name to
Damien now for obvious reasons
Right
That's cool
let me know when you're coming into London
we are gonna meet
I'm gonna send you over the location and
details later on
I'm gonna get Noah on a video call
he's going to fill you in on all
the details and trust me
this one. it's gold
Paul - Brother it's gold!
[MUSIC]
alright. How is the stock and trade going your end?
not bad. not bad at all
I heard Amazon is on the way up
listen I will not be making it in today
let's just say I've had a better investment offer
look it's not disregard to you
look I've got to put bread on the table
look I'm not going to be having a
discussion about this
you know if you was in the same position as me
you would do the same
alright I'll speak to you later
[MUSIC]
Rick - Alright Paul
Paul - Long time no see
Rick - I know. I know
Paul - How we doing?
not too bad you know. surviving
Paul - In Mexico or Florida?
Rick - Mexico mainly
yeah Mexico mainly. you?
North of England. don't you like the accent!
I was going to say last time we spoke you was
American what's happened?
I have been in Leeds for a year
and picked up the accent
Rick - Okay
Paul - Mainly for the disguise
Paul - only for the disguise
Rick - I get you
Paul - I see you got a cappuccino
absolutely always
my American accent comes back when I speak to you
it's nice to be in nice sunny London
is it ever nice weather here you know
Paul - now you know why your here
Rick - I got a vague idea
Rick - you wanna run me over
Paul - I think we should do another heist
Rick - Okay
Paul - I've got a good one lined up
Yeah
Paul - a very good one
Rick - what are you thinking
a big one. we're going to have a video call
with my guy Noah in Copenhagen
Okay this is him yeah
but this is a bigger heist than
what we have done before
we are not talking 4 million dollars on this one
we're talking inside job
big time with financial investors
that work inside the bank
full job. full vault
this one is going to be gold legendary gold
Rick - I like it
Paul - Aye. Aye. Aye
Paul - This one is gonna be gold
Rick - Gold. gold what
have a guess
a gold watch. a gold chain. a gold ring.
what I don't know
we're not talking bullion. you ready for this one
The World Cup
[LAUGHS]
Rick - The World Cup
Paul - when have you ever know me not to be serious
you wanna go after The World Cup
trust me it's worth it's weight in gold
Rick - Okay
Paul - We go for the cup. we melt it down
Paul - we get the bullion
Rick - Okay
why not. why not
Rick - Lets do it
Paul - Let me get my guy on the phone
Rick- Okay
[UP BEAT MUSIC]
Paul - Hey Man
Noah - Hey Guy's
I've got Rick with me explain all
the details to my guy here
listen I'm going to fill you in on more details
and all the times tonight
but in the mean time get the heist team ready for this one
it has been there over two years already
the one that is on display at Serclub
is a replica. the actual cup only comes
out for special events
and it's going to be there for another minimum year
before they start to polish it and take
it on a world tour
now trust me you have a week window
when the system is getting an upgrade
and only certain hours to get in
and to get out
I love the sound of that I do
I love the sound of this
mac we are going for this. the fact that
this is all inside information
Intel. hacking. I love the whole thing
right we gotta do this. we're gonna do this
100 Percent
Paul - You're definitely getting a cut in this
Rick - 100 Percent
we will iron out the details later on. you;re our
inside guy you are getting a cut man.
we are actually going to come to Copenhagen with
The World Cup
we are going to melt it down in Copenhagen
with you.
we shall meet soon. we are coming with the dates.
catch up soon guy's and good luck
see how good that guy is
I love it. just what I needed more
excitement in my life
oh hi Jane. lovely to see you right on time
shall we take a seat
thank you for coming
I just wanted to know what was going on
you've been acting strange lately
I'll be totally honest with you we are
going to do a second heist
the one in New York went so well we
decided to do a second one
and we're gonna ask for your help
so it was you that did New York
yes it was and it's gone really smoothly
no one can trace us. the money went through really well
because your the bank manager. we could
use you and we need some help from you
and it will never be traced back to you
I've got some codes
these codes I need you to put them in
five minutes before we arrive at the bank
once you put them in I need you to call me
then the heist team will come in
and hopefully be very successful in opening
the vault and getting the money
how can you assure me it won;t come back on me
I've got a family to look after
I've had this job for twelve years
I've got so much to lose
we've got a top hacker on the inside
he is going to wipe the records clean
and it will look like everything on the computer
was there from the day before
so there's no way it can be traced to you.
you'll be very safe
Jane - Okay count me in then
Damien - Great thank you for helping us with this
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
[MUSIC]
Tell me to mind my own business
but it's about Mandy
you know I'm really. really worried about her
well she's in Florida and I'm here
so what does that tell you
sorry to hear about that
is there any possibility you two could get back
together again give it another chance
she ran of with all my cash she took
everything the whole lot
if I ever see her again she is a dead woman
I just needed to get away from the states
because too many bad memories
Mandy let's just hope we never
cross path's again Okay
I appreciate you coming
[MUSIC]
hi there good to meet you
thanks for coming
just upfront here's a taster of the
money you'll be receiving
I need to be assured your a top hacker
and none of this gets back to us
I've been doing this since I was fourteen
your in safe hands
I've had banks pay me not to hack them
what I need you to do on the day he
time you tell me not a minute before
and not a minute after you need to be on the ball
I've got the exact date for you now
15th October 10AM in the morning
we've got the lady on the inside
who's going to use all the codes
so there is no way of tracing it back to you
the next question you're going to
ask me is what's your cut
your going to get twenty five
Percent of the heist
twenty five
sounds fair
it's good. we're going to split the money in Grease
in a safe location
so there is no complications
are you alright with that
Dylan - I'm in
Damien - Great to do a deal
yes Graham I've just turned up
I'm on my way now alright
see you in a second. alright
[MUSIC]
Frankie - alright are you Graham
Graham - yeah sit down
Frankie - so I hear you need my services
Graham - yeah we have a big job coming up
Graham - we gotta make sure your up to it
Frankie - of course I'm up to it
Graham - have you sorted CCTV
I've been in this job for twenty years worked
from the bottom to the top
I'm now head security of the bank
Frankie - I know where everything is
the CCTV. the power
the CCTV system. security alarms everything
I've got to make sure and get back to Rick and Paul
make sure everything is done correctly
they have got some big contacts
like Noah in Copenhagen
we've got to make sure this is done to a tee
really done properly
They have come to me for a reason
they trust me
it's all going to go to plan. I just need the
time and the date
before anything else can be put in to place
and all the payments will be
wire transferred via the bank
you can do it wire transfer. cash transfer
either way I just want my cut
because I am giving up my security life
for this bank job to help you lot
so I'm going to need my cut. because basically
I'm going to have to leave the country
I'm going to have to make a new life somewhere else
just Noah wants it to a tee
it's going to be to a tee
you mate my friend
you're underestimating me please don't do that
everything is fine
if you pull this off we will include
you in every job we do
and you will become very rich
mate if I pull this off you all will be rich not me
you all will be rich
there is bigger jobs to come
this is just a tester
tester is nothing to me. this is easy work for me
everything will go to plan trust me
Graham - I really hope so
Frankie - of course it will
you'll become a very rich person
just get in touch with Rick. tell him to get in
contact with me and let me know
Frankie - and we will go from there
Graham - okay
I'm going to get back to Rick. Paul and Noah
Tell them the times and dates and everything
Okay do me a favour get Noah and them to call me
And I will give him the details of
How he job is going to go down
Graham - I will
Frankie - See ya later mate
[MUSIC]
I've hustled this is what I've made! my money
so what you going to do with your money?
I don't know maybe buying a villa with
two pools maybe a heated one outside
Chloe - oh nice
Frankie - a gym I don't know yet
Frankie - what about you
Chloe - I think Australia maybe buy a house there
Chloe - with a pool near the beach
Frankie - lovely
and party. party. party
[LAUGHS]
Frankie - party hard yeah
Chloe - of course and make more money
after I spent all that. that's my plans
cool
I might just move around Australia and that's it
Frankie - just buy a one way ticket and travel the world
Chloe - I suppose
Chloe - go different places
Frankie - go different places
Chloe - I'm just a bit nervous
Frankie - nervous about what
I can see something going wrong
No I don't think so got faith in the lads me
Frankie - Faith in the boys
Chloe - You think so
well you must of had the faith
to do the job with them
[MUSIC]
Hey look who it is
Where have you been
Jeff - Ah mate it's been ages where have you been
Rick - Florida
Jeff - That's where I knew it was over the pond
Rick - Mandy
Jeff - Still with her
You are joking right I want to shoot her
Jeff - Oh God
Rick - I got something for you I felt bad
Rick - About the last job so that's for you
Jeff - Ahhh
Are you sure?
and a fifty note as well
look man you could not help it
you have to do what you have to do
I can not blame you it is just one of them things
Jeff - Drinks are on me tonight
Rick - I'm doing another job
Jeff - Oh yeah
Rick - next month
I'm definitely gonna come back and see you soon
Yeah please do you know where I am
[PHONE RINGS]
I bet that is my wife now
Jeff - Oh leave it
Rick - They are all the same
Jeff - Tell me about it
Rick - You are up for the next job though
of course definitely awww man
Jeff - Nice. nice
Rick - Good man
Maybe I will come out there once I get a passport sorted
Too right yeah
Rick - I love ya man
Jeff - See ya later
Rick - Hows it going
Nath - I thought I was involved with this job
You're gonna be on the next one
have a chat with your pal
No worries good one
[MUSIC]
How you doing look can
you spare me a smoke
Paul - I'm not giving you a smoke
Drunko - Look I've had a good day
Drunko - Just make it better
Paul - I'm telling you now I'm not giving you a smoke
Get away from here now
I don't want you here get the hell out of here now
Relax mate Jesus Christ
[MUSIC]
I've trusted you on every job we have been on Rick
every job
There obviously will be doubts
because you know
Like I said you don't wanna get caught
We have been doing this for too long now
This is the lock up I want to show you
This is where me and you are going to stash the world cup
this is ours you know what the code is for the lock
let me guess 1966
you know me too well 1966
[MUSIC]
Hi just on time
Hi there so right we are ready to go
we have a new set of codes they are 1966
We changed them as we have a security guard in the heist now
there was an issue so we had to change to codes
Damien - are you OK with that
Just assure me we have the route planned
the route to Greece is planned the flights are sorted out
everything is online and the hacker will wipe our names clean
from the flights so there is no trace on where we are traveling
Jane - Good
Damien - I'm really glad you are on board
and we should make a lot of money
I told you Frankie will pull through
you had doubts about her
you had serious bloody doubts
look what she has pulled off
every detail Rick every god damn detail on this one
I still don't feel right about this one man I gotta say
this here how are we going to bypass this
how good are they security cameras
you under estimate me my friend so much
yeah I do what are we going to do here
we didn't need to bypass security in the New York heist
but we do in this one
Paul - Don't you think I got this covered
Rick - I'm not sure what about these areas
Rick - Do you really think we can trust her
Paul - it's not just about Frankie
it's not about the map you have
already spoken to Noah in Copenhagen
The hacker guy he is going to switch off the system
4:59pm Frankie is taking the power down
we are in it is looking like a power cut
she has got the whole plan down to a tee
we are coming in the exit at the back we are going in
the power is getting put back on
once we get inside
there is no CCTV the other CCTV is here. here and here
Paul - You heard what Noah said
Rick - OK OK
Paul - What are you thinking now
Rick - You're probably wondering why I'm negative
I've had a lot happen to me I've grown up a lot
what happened to the Rick that took God damn risks
maybe he grew up a bit and doesn't
want to go back to the penitentiary
I'm blaming Amanda then on this one
Yeah she has a lot to do with it
but don't bring her into this
I'm trying to focus
Paul - Well focus then
Rick - Right I'm going to take your word for it
Rick - lets just do this
Paul - trust me it's going to work
we have got every base covered
we got Jane down on this corner
We are coming in that back exit
the CCTV is getting wiped out
there is going to be no CCTV there is going to be a time jump
which will be 4:59pm that's when we go in
that's when Frankie takes the power down
she will take the power down
once we are in she puts the power on
it looks like a power cut
once we are in we do it
you have heard the plans from Noah
this is the map we need to get this over to Damien and the heist team
Rick - OK let's do it
Paul - Yeah
sorry for the negativity I gotta be careful man
Paul - get back to that focus
Rick - I will I'm sorry I will
we need to pull this one off
you wanna go back to Florida
Paul - Let's do it
Rick - OK let's get this over to the guys
Hello
yeah not bad thanks yourself
yeah they are going alright doing very well
it's a bit up and down at the moment
to be honest I'm going to quit
I've got a really good investment lined up
[LAUGHS]
Yeah
I just wanna talk to you before we get to the restaurant
Paul - What country you going to after the heist
Chloe - Australia
Chloe - I fancy that
Paul - The weather is warm
I think you should join me in Copenhagen for a bit
Chloe - That's a thought
Paul - you wanna know why
Chloe - why
Paul - you will be more financial stable
I'm not going to tell you why it's a surprise
Chloe - a surprise
Paul - I know you like surprises
Chloe - of course
Paul - you will be more financially stable
I hope so it's something to think about
Paul - let's go for this food
Chloe - come on then
Oi you thought I would not find you
Amanda - I had no choice but to find you
Rick - what are you doing here
Rick - outside my house
Amanda - we got unfinished business
Amanda - what do you mean
Rick - I'm not going to talk to you here
Rick - come inside
Amanda - why not
Amanda - lets tell the whole street
Rick - I'm not discussing in the street
Amanda - tell the whole street
Rick - come inside
Rick - you have got some nerve
Amanda - have I now
yes you have how the hell did you find me
you left me with no choice but to go
through the Dallas heist team
the way you left me did you forget about that
you stole $100.000 off me
I stole. you left me broke
working in diners
I could barely pay my rent because of you
cause of me. you took everything from me
Rick - why are you even here Amanda
Amanda - you don't even understand
before I met you I was going college
I was gonna have a successful career
but you ruined it for me
you taught me this high life
I did and you obviously want in on the next heist
Amanda - of course I do
Rick - the Dallas guys told you
what is it Amanda that you want from me
you think I'm stupid don't you
you think I forgot all the stuff you did before
and now your back on a new heist
I know your made of money
and I know you're making more
and I want in simple as that
Rick - you was with me in New York last year
Amanda - yeah I was you forgot about that
you forgot about New York
you forgot about the ring
you forgot about our shopping trips
you forgot about me left me in diners
ruined my career and now
you're telling me you got no money
you never wanted me to start with
you wanted my money
that's all you wanted
Amanda - oh really
Rick - so it's funny
Amanda - it is funny
Rick - gold digger
gold digger
I was going college before all of this
and now you're thinking why do I have to work
this smuck is going to give me $300.000
and these other guy's should not of told you
but they told you about this new job
you want in what are you going to do
once you got the money go again
Amanda - no I'm not
Rick - you gonna leave me high and dry again
you left me high and dry now it's your turn
do you realize how hard it was for me to get over you
you broke my heart
you broke my bank account how about that
it is all about money with you
Amanda - yeah
Rick - you belong in the diner
Amanda - how dare you
Rick - I found you in the gutter
right and I can put you back in the gutter
you think you can come waltzing back in to my life
oh just give me $300.000
I'll go to the Dallas team and tell them where you are right now
I know everything and I will say it and
they will come after you
Amanda - I want my money
Rick - we gonna resort to blackmail
Amanda - blackmailing me
Rick - what did I ever see in you
what did I see in you clearly
so what is it that you really want me to say
how dare you call me a gold digger
you're forgetting that I actually loved you
do you forget about that
it was not about money or shopping or
the materialistic stuff
or any of that I actually loved you
you took me from here to all the way down here
I'm not happy about that of course not
I guess it must have been like giving you
a winning lotto ticket and taking it back
what do you think it is like giving someone
hungry food then taking it away
no I'm not going back to my old life
you taught me this life I want back in
Amanda - simple as that
Rick - OK fine
OK I'm going to give you $100.000
I have not got $300.000 if I had I would give you it
I'm such a generous guy I've given you so much
I'm such a lovely guy like that
I'm going to get Noah to wire it to
your account in Florida account
you jump on the next flight I will cover the cost
you do that and it will be in your account
first thing tomorrow morning
Rick - U.S time
Amanda - OK fine
remember I want my money and remember
I know everything about you
and I can finish you within seconds
Rick - I know
Amanda - remember that
I love you too so so lovely
you can head off and I will get that into your account tomorrow
Amanda - don't forget my money
Rick - I won't forget how can I
[LAUGHS]
[MUSIC]
this heist is going to be done when
Frankie shuts the vault
we are doing this one under my watch
we are going to get away
none of us will get caught
not one of us you are all going to the
countries you want to go to
you. you're coming to Copenhagen with me
I said no guns on the job
Damien - no guns
Rick - we should have a gun
on the safe side we should have a gun
Paul - you think
Rick - I will feel better with a gun
Rick - yeah
Paul - on your call
so we got the cars lined up here
already to go we get this done
we get out
and the hacker will seal that so
once we are out no one can follow us
Paul - you got your guy on the CCTV
Rick - yeah I got him yeah
it is red hot but it is going to work fine don't worry
I'm not confident
you're not confident why
Chloe - I just got a bad feeling
Rick - we got everything covered
I got hacker here and this area
we got totally covered right
Damien - if I get the hacker to put a decoy there
so nobody will focus where we are
leaving from will that help you
are you happy if we move Jane from
that corner to West Broadway
yeah I think Jane will be great yeah
are you sure that is going to be OK with you Jane
yeah all good everything is good with me
everything is good to go
you know what to do if it gets on top
and the numbers to all and codes
I do yeah all sorted
OK as long as you're comfortable with that
you do not seem sure what is it be honest
you're the one with the gun you
should be the most confident here
well you done the move so not much more
I can do but I'm still not confident
be confident and be confident in every job I have ever done
Chloe - I'm taking the gun
Paul - like I said that's on your call
every single job I have ever done every
single heist look at my track record
not one of my heist team have ever been caught
I got a woman down in Brazil she don't even
need plastic surgery she is sailing plain high
right Jane you wanna come have a look
we are moving you down to West Broadway down the bottom corner
you are he number one look out
you know the codes
you know the numbers you know how
to let everyone know what's going on
we got Frankie she is going to tell us
how she will get us in to the vault
right I will turn these off you have got 60 seconds to get in
before I put the lights back on
I will switch them off again so it looks like a power cut
and you got 60 seconds to get back out before you get caught
Frankie - got it
Team - got it
we can do it we can do it in 60
in out
we are not talking about 60 seconds to
get in get the stuff and out
we got 60 seconds to get in once we are in that vault
we can spend 3 hours in that God damn vault
Frankie gives us the time she will put it back off again
we got 60 seconds to get back out again
so don't be panicking that we got 60 seconds to get in and out
Paul - Frankie you happy with that
Frankie - yeah definitely
then this is gonna be done
[MUSIC]
so you got these two getaway drivers
well how good are they
they are the best in the business
wait and see them
they are the best
Paul - so they can pull one job off
Rick - absolutely
how do you know they are going to pull this one off
lets just say I know
I a going to be open and let them
tell me what they got
Paul - I'm going to let them tell me the plan
Rick - yeah
and if I like the plan we will go with it
then be open
you must of heard of the Dallas team
of course I heard the Dallas one the C.I.A
the C.I.A where involved again
but we won how do you think I got the house I got now
obviously I know that they are bribing the C.I.A
that Dallas one that's how good they
were I understand that
that's the heist team I'm talking about the get away drivers
you need to be 100 percent they can pull
more than one job off
that's what I'm saying I wanna listen to their plan hear their plan
Paul - I wanna know they can do it
Rick - they can do it
believe me let's say they are The A Team
Rick - Yeah
Paul - we come this far
I'm gonna trust you on this one let's hear the plan
the plan is these guy's will come here any second now
and we are gonna pull this off
well here's to that
is this Jack Daniels always this good
these are my boy's right here
Rick - these are my boys
Paul - I take it we are getting down to business now
absolutely absolutely
I gather you are after my services again
Rick - how did you guess
Chris - I know you Rick
Rick - absolutely yeah
Chris - sounds about right
nice to see you again buddy
tell them about the plan
the plan is we meet you in your car
you put us in a van
we'll drive you to the location
then switch you into another van
by doing that you can not be seen on CCTV
we will drive you out the country and no one
will suspect a thing
Nick - Bosch
Rick - I love it
I've heard about your plans I've seen the Dallas one
we are the brains of the brawn machine
we don't mess about you want it done
it's done
Rick - these guy's do not mess about
Paul - I've seen the Dallas one I liked the Dallas one
I liked the idea I liked the plan
Rick you got to understand
you're talking 50 years in the penitentiary so this
has to be a military operation
Paul - I've sad this many times
Rick - this will be a military style
operation come on
yeah
we are going with it. it seems a bit Hollywood
but hey lets go with it
lets go with the plan guys come on
[LAUGHS]
Rick - Hey
Frankie - alright lad's
Rick - what have you heard
Franke - Graham is gonna take the cup
tomorrow at noon with Damien
they are both involved together
I know you said you was suspicious but I had a gut instinct
what did I say. what did I say
Rick - is this a fact
Frankie - yes mate
he is not making it anywhere you know what is
going to happen tomorrow
twelve O'clock we are gonna kill him the son of a dog
how far will you go we can stop him in his tracks
we don' need to kill him
and this is a fact yeah
I'm gonna get The World Cup and ram it in to his head
Paul - Rick
Rick - who can I trust
Rick. Rick. Rick
I don't do these on my operations I'm done
I'm sorting it out
I'm going to tie the pieces together
[DOOR SLAMS]
Graham we know you're there
Rick - I know he is there
Paul - he is probably hiding out at someones flat
Paul - I've not seen him in two days
Rick - how does this look for me
we got a corrupt cop who I wanna go
have a word with after this
now this dog I know he is in I know he is in
his light is on
Rick we need to tidy this up I don't do operations
like this everything is military style
we need to get this done and tie it all up
Graham we know you are there answer the bell
something is not right
something is not right with this
[MUSIC]
[DOOR KNOCK]
come in mate yeah not bad you
good
here sit down
why are we here
why are we here that's a good question really
West Palm Beech Florida Jessica
you my friend are an Intel Officer
Rick - Right or wrong
I'm telling you I'm not Intel I was in America doing business
but I'm nothing to do with that heist
don't lie to me man you are a cop
no I'm not a cop and who is he
don't worry about him we are
having a drink that is irrelevant
but what is relevant is Jessica told me you're a cop
no I'm not do you remember in New York
$4.000.000 we stole
you got your money I got my money everyone is safe
we would be in the U.S penitentiary if I was cop
all I am going to say to you is if you are
Police Intel or whatever they are saying you are
the only person that will end up in the slammer is you
not us
you know I believe that ...
it's a lot more hefty sentence for cops that are corrupt
Rick - is that right
Damien - no I'm not a copper
I'm not Intel and just watch me on this next job
you're gonna end up with your money and go to Florida
I'm gonna get y money and go to Greece
alright
Hi Paul I've spoken to Noah in Copenhagen
everything is sorted
yeah Dylan that is good
we have also spoken to Noah via video conference call
yeah the team are a little bit nervous
but you know they are under my watch
their under my watch
Passerby - excuse me have you got the time
Paul - yeah it's half past three
alright
yeah sorry about that
yeah no their under my watch
Dylan trust me their under my watch
it's going to be a military operation
as I've said many many times
yeah
right cool
see you soon
wow Paul I mean this
Rick - is pretty impressive
Paul - you thinking this a a getaway vehicle
I'm thinking of admiring the vehicle
I think it would be a good get away yeah
Rick - what do you think
Paul - I think we use the other vehicle for the heist
we use this one to get to the airport
Perfect
[MUSIC]
yeah Dylan it's Paul
It's kick off time
yep we are gonna slam dunk
this one out the ball park my friend
yes that's it
yep
yep we are going with today
It's on
I know it's Sunday
of course it's gonna be closed
you should know this information how good are you
yeah
so yeah we are going 4:59PM
Frankie is going to switch the power on the dot
we need you exactly that time 4:59PM
switch off the CCTV using your codes and hacking skills
yes Dylan that's the one
yep we are going for it today don't worry yep
cool right give my love to Noah
and I will definitely definitely see you soon
so we are ready to go
Jane - good
Damien - OK
[MUSIC]
Paul - You guys ready for this heist
Damien - yeah I'm ready
Rick - I'm not sure Alan the guy that looks like a sloth
he said the guys not to be trusted
Rick - what do you think
Damien - he did the job in New York
Paul - Aye. Aye. Aye
you know owt and nowt
that's my impression but at the end of the day
look at the other jobs he has done of course
I am nervous when you hear stuff like this
look at the jobs you said
the New York job you know
then look at the job they did down in Dallas
another $5.000.000 job and they got the
gems on the side
you know what else they got Rick
you know what they got
they got documents of corrupt C.I.A
They are out the country bribing them
Rick - unbelievable
Paul - the guy's good
it's the perfect job
you see we got the right contacts on this team now
we got the right contacts this is a big one
this is The World Cup
Rick I know you're cautious on this one
but we are gonna walk away with a load of money
Damien - we are gonna be rich
Rick - are you sure about that
OK what choice have I got
I gotta go along with this then haven't I
well I'm ready
Damien - ready let's do it guys
there is no backing out now
let's just get this done
Damien - lets do it
[KNOCK ON WINDOW]
are you lot ready I got a damn flight to catch
hey Dylan the team are about to pull off
the biggest heist they have ever done
I would go as far to say this heist is the
biggest one the World has ever seen
listen I know what you're gonna say Noah
you're gonna say the team are nervous
tell me I'm wrong
well yes
so are you adding psychic powers
to your ever growing list of skills
look you know I have contacts above and beyond
of course the team are nervous
it's understandable
but my hacking skills are second to none
I know I really know
my biggest fear is the team being nervous
and making mistakes
that's why we are both covered
if they do get caught
it's them going to jail I made sure
me and you are untraceable
well that gives me a lot more confidence
right so Frankie has sorted out the day and time
Sunday 4:59PM
OK keep me updated on the whole operation
I will be speaking to Rick and Paul too after
get it done
[SLAMS MAC-BOOK]
[WATCH TICKING]
[MUSIC]
look I need you to listen and I need
you to listen real good
we gotta pull this off I got a lot
of pressure to get this right
have some trust in me you have seen with
you very eyes how good I am at hacking
I can not help be a bit on edge
I know I shouldn't alright
even if the heist team get caught I'm clear
safe living on my yacht
as long as I get my 15.000 I am happy
I wouldn't do the job for nothing
you pull this job off and I will
add another 5.000 to the bill
consider it done
alright it's nearly time to do this
you best get ready
I'm on it now trust me
after it's done keep an eye on your crypto assets
alright
[MUSIC]
[SWITCH FLICKED]
Rick - there
Paul - Cash is always handy
Paul - Definitely Rolex
Rick - Love the Rolex
come on we know what we are after Rick
we got to get a few more bits
on the side but come on we are after the big one
documentation we are in a hurry
why do we really need documentation
the team in Dallas has got stuff
on us we need stuff on them it may really help
I understand what you are saying so basically the bribery yeah
Rick - absolutely
Paul - you work too well too well
[LAUGHS]
come on get the big stuff
[THUD]
[MUSIC]
[SWITCH FLICKED]
you're always taking the credit for every job we do
I am going to have a word with Damien
alright I'm waiting in the car
Paul
where is he going with The World Cup
[MUSIC]
I told you not one of you was going to get
caught on my God Damn heist
good heist
great heist well done I'm off to Greece with Jane
Jane - two years from today Sydney Australia
Paul - same date we know the one
I've upgraded my car
[GUN BLAST]
you shot Frankie you A hole
what we gonna do we can't leave the body in there
why
Rick - let's get it
Paul - what do you want us to do with it
Chloe - leave it there
let's get it in the car go dig a hole in
Epping Forrest and leave it there
yeah that sounds good
you have to go and bring drama to every heist we do
let's just go get it then
never have I had a body on a heist
I've got a reputation to keep and
I'm putting a body in the boot
if anyone finds out about this my reputation is done for
if anyone hear us we are all done for
you were right we don't trust her with a gun
[TRAFFIC NOISE]
Rick - How is it going
Paul - oh Rick
seriously thinking I don't know how long
I can keep going on heists for
I'm drained absolutely drained
I can see that you look mentally and physically drained
honestly I'm looking over my shoulder all the time
I wish I can go back to plumbing
I can't if I go back I will be caught
I met you and Damien we got in to these heists
I know nothing else I get a buzz
it's like being on a roller coaster
you step off that roller coaster you got that buzz
I get that I'm the same
honestly I'm looking over my shoulder all the time
I've noticed your anxiety is through the roof
and mine I can't remember the
last time I had a full night sleep
but how do I go back to driving a truck through Texas
New Orleans for peanuts
and how do we go back to normality
I'm not saying it's possible to do that
I'm saying I want it
I want it but it is impossible now
Paul - we can't turn back
Rick - we will never be content working like that
mediocre lifestyles
I'm used to the high life blowing $100.000 in Vegas
one night Rick one night
Rick - I know
I'm at that cross path in life now Rick
am I going down the right route or am I
a tornado storming down route 66
I think even if I went back to a normal life now
I would always have Amanda coming back
you now the way that woman spends
coming back give me this and that or else
and I'm driving a truck and I'm like yeah I can offer you $50
well you know how rubbish the pay was right
I have not got a choice I need to go back to the states
and make things work with this woman
there is something there call me a fall
but there is
what if I didn't fix it and I got into another relationship
she would come back and mess it up
of course she would
she is like us she is addicted to the money now
yeah don't I know it
I think we need to take a year out
Rick - we evaluate things
Paul - I certainly need a holiday Rick
even when I'm on holiday it does not feel like a holiday
Rick 7 star hotel Dubai top penthouse
living the life knock at the door
room service I'm jumping out of bed thinking it is the FBI
Rick - I know
Paul - It's constant
how do you think I feel I come out
of my home and she was there
and she knew where I was because they told her
if they can find out where I was don't you think the FBI can
and I'm worried thinking all night
when she spends this cash
is she gonna go I hate this guy
he is moving on with his life
she will put a call in she is not going to get
no more money as I'm driving trucks
I'm gonna trash this man that is what I'm thinking all the time
I'm with you but I am seeing it from her point of view
I'm connecting with her as well
you brought her in to the lifestyle she did not choose it
she has been brought in to it
you have given her a rope she has taken a mile
she has taken the full length I completely connect with her
what option do you thin she has
I'm the same what option do you think I have
I can not go be a plumber again
I dragged that woman out and showed her the high life
I dragged her out the diner there is
this that the other
right so how can she adapt and say she has had everything
she is too materialistic now
Paul - I see that Rick
Rick - she is not a gold digger in fairness
she has been given the best how can she
now go work in a diner
at the side of the highway in Florida
I've changed my mind I'm not going to Copenhagen
Paul - I'm going to Australia
Rick - your not going to Copenhagen
why what made you change your mind
It is the other side of the world in my mind I am further away
I get that and I wanna get back home to the states
[MUSIC]
[RUSTLING LEAVES]
I really did not want to do it this way
I didn't want to end it this way at all
nothing has every gone wrong
on any of my heists before
Frankie I'm so sorry it ended this way
[MUSIC]
I'm so sorry for your family
I really am
Frankie I am so sorry
I don't even have the words for this anymore
Frankie I am so sorry I just don't have words for this
it was not even supposed to be like this
[FIRE CRACKLING]
[MUSIC]
Rick do you know what I had to do on my own
where the hell are you
I've just literally had to get rid of Frankie the body
it's not good enough we are supposed
to be a God Damn team
and you just left me on my own
to get rid of Frankie
ten years of heist teaming together we are
supposed to be a God Damn team
and you leave me to go the only time
Rick the only time it's gone wrong
any heist we have ever done
and you leave me to go burn a body on my own
Rick how am I supposed to stay calm
how am I supposed to stay calm
I've just had to go and bloody burn Frankie on my own
where are you now
OK
Rick I'm done I can't do this no more
I told you Chloe was a liability I said no guns
in the meeting you was the one that said
allow it allow it
allow it Paul it is fine
I told you it's not fine
look what happened Rick
look what happened
don't even go there Rick
just don't even go there right now I'm telling you
for God sake
Rick what is happening Rick
Rick talk to me what is happening
what the hell is going on there tell me
No. no.no.no.no
it was not supposed to be like this
don't you dare Rick
you bloody coward you can't leave her there
I'm telling you Rick Chloe will talk
she will cave in and put us all in it
Rick just
Rick talk to me tell me what is going on
you are out of there you have left her
oh for God sake
Rick for God sake
where are you now
I will come meet you I want to fix it
but I can't to an extent
I wanna be there and it has gone wrong
and I told you
it has to be my fault it has to be
Rick it is my fault I said no guns
I should of been more stern
Chloe is supposed to be coming to Copenhagen with me
and you have left her there
Rick my head is pounding right now
I just nee to
seriously Rick I'm being watched
I need to come meet you we need to get out of here
and literally sod Copenhagen
call Noah I am coming to meet you now
I'm going to Australia my plans are changing
where are you I will come meet you Rick
seriously
right
Rick I can't
Rick I m going to come meet you
it has to be my way my terms now
it has to be we can not have any more mistakes
I am not spending any time
in jail what so ever I am going
we gotta get out of here
get the car just get the get away car ready
because I am being watched
I'm being watched
everywhere I go I am being watched
get the car I'm coming I am going
to compose myself I'm coming
[MUSIC]